- motor winding down the 40 month-long
world tour it's a tool which has seen
many changes in the band's live
performance and a few changes in
personnel and for the US leg of their
tour primal scream are joining them on
the bill our colleagues in America spoke
to Depeche Mode frontman Dave Gahan to
find out how it's going it's been a
tough tour but it's been very rewarding
in every way you know I mean I think we
feel I found the fan base a lot more and
that's something money to do and the way
we're playing together on the stage is
completely different to what we've ever
ever played before
we start out kicking the thrush rather
than floating in with higher love which
we did before
the set was a lot moodier before I think
I think this sets a lot more fun on this
the final stretch of their tour Depeche
Mode is - the musical talents of Andrew
Fletcher who recently took a break from
the band he's been a little bit unwell
and you know everything - he's once it
was out the second by a billion so he
went to spend some time in New York so
down over Monty's rivers who's been a
friend and associate for about 20 years
been my friend for about 20 years
Fletcher will be missed for more than
his musical contributions he handled
most of the Bands business affairs now
with his departure Depeche Mode has
employed a manager for the very first
time fans of the years I've really get a
lot of time to develop on their own I
think that's something that Depeche Mode
has been able to do without having a
manager let's say until this point I
don't wanna lose you live are we doing
this or this guy and watch the baby
it's sleazy that day in our state
everything
rock-and-roll should be about or Depeche
Mode down-and-dirty means touching
actual instruments in addition to their
trademark synthesizers they're also
messin with the arrangements of their
songs MA and sings a couple of songs
that I was singing before he sings
condemnation now which I don't sing
anymore cuz it's way too sad for me hi
Jackie
I've seen six times and every time it
gets better and better I first get
together with this oh man I'll be back
again
they ended sure we probably applied to
maybe a couple of million people or
something something it's pretty
impressive you know I mean for us it's
like after 14 years
it's very nice reward Depeche Mode
finished a tour in America on July 8th
after which they'll take a break